- Achivanium: Some hard achievements, once completed, can be redone infinitely to earn Achivanium, used as a rare ressource
- Encumberment: Heros have a max charge of items they can carry, including stuff and consummables. Looting stuff also takes space in inventory

Food system and nourriture a emporter
Environment that you can fill with looted stuff and animals, produce ressource but require equilibrium

Level resource and limitation per level: Every dungeon is separated in around 10 levels, and some effects can only be used once per level or every two levels.
Also, a shared ressource called master Mana is generated whenever entering a new level, and hsared among all combatants
Finally, most good items are limited in use per level, or any hero has a limit to how many items they can use per level.

Restriction on skill activation/Combatant type bonus: Combatants have tags (family, type, element...) and skills care about those

Universes:
Fallout, Radiation from food as a debuff, stimpack as OP heal items (very light)
Pokemon, combatants have types with weaknesses and resistances
HunterxHunter, nen that never regenerates but can be used very quickly, Limit break ability refunding 200% nen
Sea of Thieves: Ocean of Rogues; Do not grant rewards in combat but give chest at end of dungeons, that need to be brought back through the dungeon and influence the challenges of the way back. Also Ship battle

opponents:
create a giant fireball, immune while fireball not dead
Explode on death, dealing damage to all opponents depending on a condition
can only be injured by 

Combat skills: Make each skill roughly equal in interest to open design space like Lor (grant random, if has at least 4...)
Flying (Cannot be attacked by melee. Loses flight for 2 seconds after using a melee attack)
	
TODOS:
	Targeting system using effects on base
	Rework the Skill logic table: One big space for Skill choices, and on the left the sortable table. On click on a skill, display it's current info on the big space
Default move lane action, and rest action to restore a %hp/mana/stamina
Check skills
StatusEffect and globalEffects
Smartness Characteristic: Varies from 1-5, each level grant customization aspect to the targetting system and overall control the player can put on a combatant, and can vary with equipments. A brain level of 0 means the character will just select the default skill acitvation parameters, and lower than 0 will start doing stupid shit like targetting allies or removing default conditions
Weight/carry system, equipments and useables take place in a character's backpack and they need to have space to carry resources they find
Resource carrying priority system
Add additional stuff to partys (caravane to carry things...)
crafting and resource management system
